Grandpa, please do it.
I can't bear the charge of murdering a middle-ranking general
I beg you.
If you don't take action, I'll be doomed
Now it's an apology
I was wrong. I was wrong.
I was raped. I deserve to die.
I was wrong, let's do it
Mr. Shen, please save my grandfather
A pill would have been fine
Do you have a silver needle?
Yes, sir, you are Mr. Wang, you are
Dan wants to pay your grandfather
OK
Sir still sews with needles
Gossip longevity
Grandpa, you love you and finally wake up
Mr. Shen, please accept me as your disciple
You don't deserve it.
Mr. Shen, please save some lives.
Mr. Shen, thank you for saving my grandfather
I Mengying will definitely thank you very much.
You all leave
Hateful dog stuff
Bad things will kill you.
Hey plan failed
Start the second plan now